For project 1 I had a lot of trouble trying to figure out what I was going to do. I didn't know how to approach the project, I thought about approaching the project by finding a movie then basing the project off the movie, but I couldn't figure anything out. Then I decided to do it the opposite way, I decided to start by creating something I liked and was inspired by and relate it to a part of a film. I also then thought about my like for art work rather than games so I then tried to think of ways I could make my project more of an art piece rather than a type of game. Which is where I started my second brain storm, I then thought about using my voice to interact with the object. To give the art piece more interactivity and I thought it was a cool idea to be able to interact with an art piece through your voice. Being able to tell the object to move left, right, up, down or allow it to grow or shrink, become sharper or smoother, allow it to change colour. Also adding a mousepressed function to allow the background to change colour if you press “enter” it resets the background. Once I figured out all the commands I wanted to change when you talked to the computer. I then needed to figure out what object I wanted to interact with. Which is then where I got inspiration from the film Avengers. I drew inspiration from the A.I called Jarvis. I wanted to take the computer networking look in my object. So what I decided to do is make a circle but make it move using perlin noise so it gives the “Networking'' look to it. Which is what leads to the final result, which is a look with multiple points that allows it to move in an interesting way, which you can manipulate with certain voice lines, to change its properties. Overall I am happy with the result of this project and I do like the way it turned out.
